[new product] Add Vision OS (#5348)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/visionos.md

---

> title: Vision OS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Apple visionOS
```

We prefixed with 'apple' for macOS/iOS, so let's keep doing it. Also the name is wrongly spelled, see https://developer.apple.com/visionos/.

category: os
tags: apple
iconSlug: apple
permalink: /visionos
releasePolicyLink: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VisionOS#Version_history
eoasColumn: true
releaseDateColumn: true

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

auto:
  methods:
  -   apple: visionos
      regex:
      -   'visionOS\s+(?P<version>\d+)'
      -   'visionOS\s+(?P<version>\d+(?:\.\d+)+)'

```

Did not tested it, but looking at https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201222 it should work.

Reviewer: Tested it, LGTM:

```suggestion
- Item root['releases'] ({}) added to dictionary.
- Item root['versions'] ({'1.2': {'name': '1.2', 'date': '2024-06-10'}, '1.1.2': {'name': '1.1.2', 'date': '2024-04-09'}, '1.1.1': {'name': '1.1.1', 'date': '2024-03-21'}, '1.1': {'name': '1.1', 'date': '2024-03-07'}, '1.0.3': {'name': '1.0.3', 'date': '2024-02-12'}, '1.0.2': {'name': '1.0.2', 'date': '2024-01-31'}, '1': {'name': '1', 'date': '2024-01-31'}}) added to dictionary.
```

releases:
-   releaseCycle: "1"
    releaseDate: 2024-02-02
    eoas: false
    eol: false
    latest: "1.2"
    latestReleaseDate: 2024-06-10
    link: https://support.apple.com/en-us/118202

---

> > [visionOS](https://www.apple.com/visionos), Apple's first spatial operating system, places digital content in a user’s physical world while allowing them to stay present and connected to others. It has an infinite canvas > for apps that scales beyond the boundaries of a traditional display and introduces a fully three-dimensional user interface controlled by the most natural and intuitive inputs possible — a user’s eyes, hands, and voice. > visionOS brings a new dimension to powerful, personal computing by changing the way users interact with their favorite apps, capture and relive memories, enjoy stunning TV shows and movies, and connect with others.

Reviewer: The description is a bit too much "commercial". Something more neutral (such as https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VisionOS#Version_history) would be better.

Author: I have updated the description based on the wiki, let me know if it looks better.

---
title: Apple visionOS
category: os
tags: apple
iconSlug: apple
permalink: /visionos
releasePolicyLink: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VisionOS#Version_history
eoasColumn: true
releaseDateColumn: true

auto:
  methods:
  -   apple: visionos
      regex:
      -   'visionOS\s+(?P<version>\d+)'
      -   'visionOS\s+(?P<version>\d+(?:\.\d+)+)'

releases:
-   releaseCycle: "1"
    releaseDate: 2024-02-02
    eoas: false
    eol: false
    latest: "1.2"
    latestReleaseDate: 2024-06-10
    link: https://support.apple.com/en-us/118202

---

> > Apple [visionOS](https://www.apple.com/visionos) is an operating system designed for their spatial computing platform, specifically for devices like the Apple Vision Pro. It integrates elements from iOS, iPadOS,
> > and macOS, enabling users to interact with digital content in a mixed reality environment. VisionOS supports new interaction paradigms such as eye-tracking, gesture control, and voice input, providing a seamless
> > experience for both virtual and augmented reality applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> Apple [visionOS](https://www.apple.com/visionos) is an operating system specifically designed for Apple's spatial
> computing device, the Apple Vision Pro. It integrates elements from iOS, iPadOS, and macOS, enabling users to interact
> with digital content in a mixed reality environment. VisionOS supports new interaction paradigms such as
> eye-tracking, gesture control, and voice input.
```
